docs: document disabling VS Code TS plugin (#605)
typed-ember/glint: packages/vscode/README.md

1. Add `@glint/core`, `@glint/template` and an appropriate environment package to your project's `devDependencies`.
1. Add a `"glint"` key to your project's `tsconfig.json` or `jsconfig.json` specifying your environment and any other relevant configuration.

> 1. Consider disabling the built-in `vscode.typescript-language-features` extension for any workspaces where you use Glint to avoid extraneous diagnostics. 

Author: Should this use stronger wording?

```suggestion
1. Disable the built-in `vscode.typescript-language-features` extension for any workspaces where you use Glint to avoid extraneous diagnostics. 
```

I've seen a lot of people skip this, to only run into issues later and forget this step was recommended.
